So this is section five,
Working with Java Arrays.
So we have been working all along in the course
with Java arrays since most of our examples
have had a main method with a String array args parameter.
The args parameter is a single-dimensional array
made up of java.lang.String references.
So an array is a container object that holds a fixed number
of values of a single type.
The length of an array is established
when the array is created.
And an array can reference duplicate values.
An array can be one-dimensional, two-dimensional,
or multi-dimensional representing a matrix of data.
Note that true support of multi-dimensional arrays
is not supported but Java offers an array
of arrays to support a multi-dimensional structure.
You can store a subclass object in an array,
declared to be the type of the superclass or interface,
supporting polymorphism.
For example, you can create an array of CharSequence
that can store references to Strings,
or StringBuilders or both.
So the next slide shows a picture of representation
of an array of elements.
Each array is indexed, starting with the zero index,
such that the last index
is equal to the length of the array minus one.
All right, so that's a very quick overview of arrays.
The next video, we're going to review arrays,
their deceration and initialization and some simple methods.
See you in the next video.